Update Readme (#48)
fuller-inc/yakan: README.md

```

### Long
same as `Int`.

### View
`View.setOnSingleClickListener` set view a click listener that ignores "double click" event.

```kotlin
button.setOnSingleClickListener {
  // some events
}
```

### LiveData
`EventLiveData<T>` is a subtype of `MutableLiveData` that do not hold a value after emitting a value.

```kotlin
val liveData = EventLiveData<Boolean>()
liveData.value = true // emitting once, and don't hold a value.
```

`LiveData<T>.filter` filter LiveData that emits value by predicate.

```kotlin
liveData.filter { it == true }
```

> `merge` merge any number of `LiveData` that emit a value, Emit latest values.

Reviewer: I think it should be like this...
```suggestion
`merge` merges any number of `LiveData` and emits latest values.
```

Author: 👍

```kotlin
val mergedData = merge(liveData1, liveData2)

> liveData1.value = true // mergedData is emitted `true`.

Reviewer: maybe this makes sense more🤔
```suggestion
liveData1.value = true // mergedData emits `true`.
```

Author: 👌

```

`map` converts `LiveData` the type parameter `T` to `R`.

```kotlin
liveData.value = 123

> val convertedData = liveData.map { it.toString() } // convertedData is the "123" of String value.

Reviewer: same here...
```suggestion
val convertedData = liveData.map { it.toString() } // convertedData emits "123", String type.
```

Author: 🙇

```

`combineLatest` combine some `LiveData` and returns a new value.

```kotlin
val combinedData = combineLatest(liveData1, liveData2) { live1, live2 ->
  "${live1} and ${live2}"
}
liveData1.value = "test"

> liveData2.value = true // combinedData is the "test and true".

Author: 👍
